1---Morning people do, however, have a reputation for getting stuff done. Early rising is associated with energy, optimisation and efficiency; it is a foundational principle of all manner of self-help and self-actualisation programmes. “If you look at many of the most productive people in the world, they’ll have one thing in common: they were early risers,” says one wide-eyed zealot in the trailer for the motivational guru Hal Elrod’s film about his “miracle morning”, as Oprah Winfrey, Mahatma Gandhi and Albert Einstein flash past. Elrod’s Savers routine – silence, affirmations, visualisation, exercise, reading, scribing – is a classic of the genre, but he is only one of many urging us to seize the day super-early.---London
1---Ben Simmons has been suspended by the Philadelphia 76ers for one game due to conduct detrimental to the team. Simmons will miss the 76ers’ season opener on Wednesday night at New Orleans.
The guard was a holdout in training camp in the wake of his offseason trade demand. He reported last week and practiced Sunday and Monday with the Sixers. He was scheduled to practice and talk to the media on Tuesday but ESPN reported that Sixers coach Doc Rivers threw him out after he refused to participate in the final part of the session.
“I just thought he was a distraction today,” coach Doc Rivers said after practice. “I didn’t think he wanted to do what everybody else was doing. It was early. It wasn’t a big deal. I just told him he should leave. We went on with practice.”---NewYork
2---Chloë McCardel finally achieved her dream of crossing the Channel more times than anyone else. The 36-year-old Australian completed her 44th crossing a little after 2pm BST, eclipsing the previous record held by British swimmer Alison Streeter. ‘I’m buzzing right now, I feel like I could go again and swim the channel again tomorrow, although that's not a very good idea’, she said. After starting in the dead of night at Shakespeare Beach at Dover, she touched land at Wissant Beach on the French side, before returning to her support boat to celebrate---21/11/2021
2---A retired accountant who stabbed her husband to death has told a jury that he repeatedly beat her and once held a knife to her throat, as footage was released of her being arrested and telling police she hoped he would die – and asking officers to fetch her coat.
Penelope Jackson, 66, said her husband, former army Lt Col David Jackson, 78, once head-butted her when he returned from home and threw her down cellar stairs during a Mother’s Day celebration at an officer’s mess.---30/11/2021
3---Curly has a green, irony flavour, but it’s the texture that, as Mark Diacono, author of Herb: A Cook’s Companion, puts it, “people don’t want to deal with”. It’s coarser than its cooler flat-leaf cousin, so requires a little more work. The key, Henderson says, is “to chop it very finely, to avoid the ach-ach in the back of the throat that can result from its firm frizz. An extremely sharp knife and a courage with proportions is all you need to appreciate curly parsley.”---kitchen